Document "Custom Post" and "Custom Pre" Provisioning Snippets (#1897)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-custom-provisioning-snippets.adoc

[id="Creating_Custom_Provisioning_Snippets_{context}"]
= Creating Custom Provisioning Snippets

> A custom provisioning snippets allows you to execute custom code during host provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom provisioning snippets allow you to execute custom code during host provisioning.
```

Author: Applied.

You can run code before and/or after the provisioning process.

.Prerequisite
* Depending on your provisioning template, multiple custom snippet hooks exist which you can use to include custom provisioning snippets.

> Ensure that you check your provisioning template first to verify which custom snippet you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you check your provisioning template first to verify which custom snippets you can use.
```

Author: applied.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Provisioning Templates* and click *Create Template*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for your custom provisioning snippet.
The name has to start with the name of a provisioning template that supports including custom provisioning snippets:
** Append ` custom pre` to the name of a provisioning template to run code before provisioning a host.

> ** Append ` custom post` to the name of a provisioning template to run code after provisioning a host.

Reviewer: The introduction says you can run code before **and/or** after the provisioning, so is there an option for both before and after? Or do I just append both?

Author: Yes, you can use both if you want to, but with separate snippets.
